You are so pretty in this dress.
Down, which female star is this?
How come I've never seen shut up
Why is it you again?
It's haunting
Who do you say is haunted?
Good dogs don't get in the way
I'll say whoever gets in my way
Don't talk
Has he not paid for this dress yet? He has not paid for it yet.
I'll take it. Wrap this skirt up for me.
Forget about robbing men
Grab a skirt too
Grab the idiom was originally mine
Are you sure no one knows what you do?
What nonsense are you talking about?
Is it buckwheat?
Did Mai really tell him the truth about that year?
It's impossible.
I like this dress
Peel it off for me
I don't know. First come, first served.
Just go back and let your parents teach you better
This store is all about luxury goods
You can afford it.